Some of the changes that I see are really happening at a really fast rate.
According to Moore's law, he says that we double in our computer
science ability every two years and it's very very apparent in a lot
of places. One place I see, which is very specific to me, is virtual
reality. They said that, just a couple years ago, virtual reality
will be everywhere. Facebook bought Oculus recently and it should
be on everybody's head pretty soon here but it hasn't turned out to
be that way but it will. I think in a couple of years, everyone will
be living in a virtual reality just like everyone has a PlayStation
or Xbox back home. I also see that servers, servers is not the right
word, maybe database administration is going to get a really big push
forward and the reason for this is because, I think everybody is
going to have their own virtual avatar in one way, shape or form in
the next few years. Everybody kind of does, already with Facebook,
they have their own website, their own profile and in that profile,
you have a big cache of pictures, you have places where they've been,
you have the friend connections. All of this is, like, one little
set as a person but I think that's going to be very very expanded. Not
only is there just going to be your picture and your name and your
pictures, but it's also going to be, maybe, some of the applications
that you like to use. Maybe your own personal virtual avatar who
is dressed in a certain way. Maybe all of the shops that you like to
buy at. And all of that, it's kind of, like Facebook times a hundred.
This is where we're going to go. So, all of that needs to be managed
and organized. So, that field is also going to explode, I think
a lot. The final place, I think, is probably going to be artificial
intelligence. So, we have self-driving cars, we have Tesla with its
new and improve, like, hybrid cars. Maybe cars that you talk to, that
you tell them where to go and then they find the most direct route
to the location. You have SpaceX, where you send up rockets that require
fewer and fewer people. That means that the computing needs to
figure out things on its own. You have machine learning where you give
the computer simple instructions and it needs to think for itself
to learn, how to learn so it can, like, double or quadruple or, you
know, times a hundred their original commands so that they can figure
out these things on itself, by itself. So, all of  these things,
artificial intelligence, machine learning, you name it, database administration,
pretty much, most of computer science should, you know,
take us to newer and greater heights pretty soon.